README.md, before:

# Heater and AC website

*Automatically synced with your [v0.app](https://v0.app) deployments*

[![Deployed on Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Deployed%20on-Vercel-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel)](https://vercel.com/puneet-sharmas-projects-2ade9773/v0-heater-and-ac-website)
[![Built with v0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Built%20with-v0.app-black?style=for-the-badge)](https://v0.app/chat/rCwfgUHVTc6)

## Overview

This repository will stay in sync with your deployed chats on [v0.app](https://v0.app).
Any changes you make to your deployed app will be automatically pushed to this repository from [v0.app](https://v0.app).

## Deployment

Your project is live at:

**[https://vercel.com/puneet-sharmas-projects-2ade9773/v0-heater-and-ac-website](https://vercel.com/puneet-sharmas-projects-2ade9773/v0-heater-and-ac-website)**

## Build your app

Continue building your app on:

**[https://v0.app/chat/rCwfgUHVTc6](https://v0.app/chat/rCwfgUHVTc6)**

## How It Works

1. Create and modify your project using [v0.app](https://v0.app)
2. Deploy your chats from the v0 interface
3. Changes are automatically pushed to this repository
4. Vercel deploys the latest version from this repository

Commit message:

docs: add Vercel Analytics setup instructions to README

README.md, after:

# Heater and AC website

*Automatically synced with your [v0.app](https://v0.app) deployments*

[![Deployed on Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Deployed%20on-Vercel-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel)](https://vercel.com/puneet-sharmas-projects-2ade9773/v0-heater-and-ac-website)
[![Built with v0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Built%20with-v0.app-black?style=for-the-badge)](https://v0.app/chat/rCwfgUHVTc6)

## Overview

This repository will stay in sync with your deployed chats on [v0.app](https://v0.app).
Any changes you make to your deployed app will be automatically pushed to this repository from [v0.app](https://v0.app).

## Deployment

Your project is live at:

**[https://vercel.com/puneet-sharmas-projects-2ade9773/v0-heater-and-ac-website](https://vercel.com/puneet-sharmas-projects-2ade9773/v0-heater-and-ac-website)**

### Vercel Analytics setup

1. Install `@vercel/analytics` (already listed in `package.json`). Update with `pnpm add @vercel/analytics` (or npm/yarn) if needed.
2. Ensure `<Analytics />` from `@vercel/analytics/next` is rendered in `app/layout.tsx` (already wired up).
3. Deploy to Vercel and visit the deployed site with blockers disabled. First visits can take ~30 seconds to appear in the Analytics dashboard.
4. If the dashboard still shows onboarding, verify Analytics is enabled for this project in the Vercel dashboard.

## Build your app

Continue building your app on:

**[https://v0.app/chat/rCwfgUHVTc6](https://v0.app/chat/rCwfgUHVTc6)**

## How It Works

1. Create and modify your project using [v0.app](https://v0.app)
2. Deploy your chats from the v0 interface
3. Changes are automatically pushed to this repository
4. Vercel deploys the latest version from this repository
